Gwenevere Abriel: Destiny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, it's been taking me like
Bethany Shadid: I've had to login early quite but you know make sure because it takes forever now so
Bethany Shadid: Oh well.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I'm good. I'm in. I'm actually in New Mexico. I flew out here on the 25th. So I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, gonna hang out here for a while. I got past a lot of fear around like
Gwenevere Abriel: Over contagiousness but
Gwenevere Abriel: I brought my Clorox wipes and my son wore gloves and I wiped all the seats and tables and corners and seat belts and turn knobs and
And I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep your fingers out of your mouth.
Bethany Shadid: Very
Gwenevere Abriel: He's so used to me being a pain in the butt that he was just great. He just did great. So we're here hanging out for a bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you, my dear, how are you
Bethany Shadid: I'm all right. I'm all right i since so
Bethany Shadid: I've had the personality testing and I don't know what this is all about. So maybe you can give me a little bit more info because
Bethany Shadid: I I did the personality testing and afterwards was like
Bethany Shadid: I don't know that my results are accurate at all because there was no
Bethany Shadid: Explanation at the front like of what it
Bethany Shadid: Is I don't know. I think I got like that. It was at work or something. Like what, like, so it was really hard for me to like answer the questions, um,
Bethany Shadid: I think you know the criteria was kind of fluid, so I didn't know it was this like an idealistic version of myself. Is this how it actually is, is this, you know, so I don't know. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't be able to offer much, but I will tell you what I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I know that the owner is interested in having everyone do it. I know he's starting with a doctor or brielle and my caseload. I know I haven't taken it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know one thing that was mentioned was his good intentions are to use the information to align the therapists with a client.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know much more than that. I'm not gonna lie I don't know much more than it
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: It's a very interesting like for I've taken a lot of personality communication style whatever types of, you know, surveys and this one. Um,
Bethany Shadid: It was okay but it had you rate it from you know your top choice to your lowest. And so, even ones that you felt like don't apply at all. We're still in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Bethany Shadid: So, um, but, yeah, I think honestly feedback was, I would say the girl that does it probably needs to
Bethany Shadid: preface it a little bit with instead of like, okay, I'm going to ask you all these questions and you rate them and that's what we're doing. It's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Finding purpose.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then I got scheduled for
Bethany Shadid: Another meeting with her and I didn't know what it was about at all. And we started
Bethany Shadid: Talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Like your
Bethany Shadid: Day, your schedule and um
Bethany Shadid: I i really have mixed feelings about that because I'm
Bethany Shadid: I have a tendency to crash and burn when my efforts are evaluated by somebody else.
Bethany Shadid: And she's very sweet and there's no no, nothing like that. But, um,
Bethany Shadid: I've just I've done really good the past like month
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Putting error or starting new habits that are good and healthy for me and I would. I'm really proud of myself and then it's hard to go in and
Gwenevere Abriel: Have to
Bethany Shadid: explain these things and then kind of feel accountable, you know, cuz we're gonna follow up and see how you're doing. And I mean, I'm sure it's good for some people but um
Bethany Shadid: For me it was like
Bethany Shadid: Talking to my dad.
Bethany Shadid: Like
Bethany Shadid: I failed many times in the past.
Bethany Shadid: When I've had to talk to my dad about
Bethany Shadid: I guess the example I can give is I got a trainer, way back in the day, and was doing like really good and my dad found out
Bethany Shadid: Because he's like, Hey, you know, you're looking good. You know, they never say that. He's like, What are you doing, you know, it's like, well, I'm working with a trainer.
Bethany Shadid: And then he asks you know all. What are you, what exactly are you doing, like, what is the routine and you should be doing this and you should eat this way and
Bethany Shadid: And better. And I don't know about you know he throws his opinion and and i ended up giving up because I felt like I was working really, really hard.
Bethany Shadid: And because I wasn't seeing the results that I want and and
Bethany Shadid: Part of that was my dad. You know, it's already hard enough, I think.
Bethany Shadid: To start, something like that.
Bethany Shadid: And the discouragement doesn't
Bethany Shadid: So anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's think about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, get this example. And I think it's called a rap rap appointment. I'm not sure what the acronym stands for, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, I have not taken it. It's not my baby but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's take something. This is a woman that I'm assuming it's this woman Jocelyn is my guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we got the name right so let's just say no love on the line for Jocelyn, you have your rights.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do and not do what you want to do. You have a right because you're you're you're using an insurance, you have a right to have it build and not build, you have a right to refuse services.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you forget you have this right
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: No, it was
Bethany Shadid: Something both sessions I felt fine during
Bethany Shadid: Okay. Afterwards, I was like, wait a minute.
Bethany Shadid: And yes feelings were coming up. And so I knew that I needed to bring it up today and tell you about it. Um, I don't know, like when
Bethany Shadid: Talking about, you know, I have the right not to. I don't really want to follow up with this activities of daily living. I will. We're talking about like how often you shower and clean and do chores and I told her, I said, I get
Bethany Shadid: Way overwhelmed when I my daily schedule is so timed out. I said, I have to. And I showed her my list after I made like my top five that I want to get done in a day. And if it doesn't happen in the morning when I do it at night or, you know, vice versa.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: It was interesting because I
Bethany Shadid: treated her
Bethany Shadid: Like you in the beginning.
Bethany Shadid: I gave her that trust.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: quickly realized in the second session, you know that she doesn't know me like you do, and she doesn't know that history and everything I'm
Bethany Shadid: And so, and I didn't have to give her content that I didn't feel comfortable giving her
Bethany Shadid: So I do remember that. But, um,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's
Gwenevere Abriel: A sense of in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had it to do over again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which, of course, we can't, we can't completely redo that moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where if you if you had remembered something that you ended up remembering afterwards. How might these have gone differently.
Bethany Shadid: You know, I think my way of
Bethany Shadid: Protecting myself in the past.
In a situation
Bethany Shadid: When I have mustered any sort of, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Has been to just grin and bear it.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: Maybe not give that much. I know that lying comes into play. You know, especially like with my dad. I just either omit the truth that I don't want to talk about or I
Bethany Shadid: Sam doing something. I'm not whatever it is to protect myself. I have the thought of stopping something or saying this isn't working for me is so foreign in the moment.
Bethany Shadid: But
Looking back,
Bethany Shadid: I think
Bethany Shadid: It had a you know occurred to me. You know that I didn't have to do that.
Bethany Shadid: I would have
Bethany Shadid: Probably along the lines, something like, you know, this really isn't something that
Bethany Shadid: Is benefiting me and I'd like to talk to Gwen about it or something before
Gwenevere Abriel: We go.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's that. So what happened was,
Gwenevere Abriel: What often happens, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You did what you do the patterned behavior which is someone asked something of you and you just did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Later on,
Gwenevere Abriel: That people pleasing hangover.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that it, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: And then it was like, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Evaluating myself that internal shame thing afterwards. It's like, why are you talking to this woman is this been so negative, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I will say my one point that I need this is months and months ago I said I said a lot of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Look there's clinical impact for my clients and I don't know what it is because it hasn't started yet. I said, but every single thing we do, or fail to do is clinical once a client is my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything's clinical everything a missed call on answered a miss text, the fact that I have no Wi Fi right now is huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some of you are like what just happened. I can't get ahold of you and you're freaking out. And I'm like, I texted you. And I look and then it says not delivered or it's green, and it looks like it was delivered
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am like, I've got to shift and adjust everything is clinical but it has an impact. I made a change, and it has an impact and so
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't push the issue, but you just showed me in real time, you're not the only one that is saying this to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am going to invite him to maybe take a peek.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know, I might say, hey, if you want to Bethany, you're more than welcome to reach out to him, or you can just decline. You can just say, no, I'm going to discuss these issues with my therapist because she understands why those particular questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are clinically not activating for me and you don't even have to do that. You can just say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I talked with going about it maybe talk with her about why this isn't working for me and just put it back onto my shoulders or something like that because
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't lose your rights. Just because someone asks you to do something.
Bethany Shadid: And you know, I think, to he probably needs to understand, whoever this is that initiated this two points is that being that its associated I was never
Bethany Shadid: Told that it was optional or anything like that. I thought it was mandatory you have all these people here trying to do the program and you know like
Be
Bethany Shadid: A good patient or whatever. And so
Bethany Shadid: You know that mentality of just GRINNING AND BEARING it because I have to do this for the program kicks in and the other parts is that I don't know her professional background.
Bethany Shadid: Right, but a lot of things came up that were very questionable to me. Um, as far as suggestions.
Bethany Shadid: That she was giving me I she asked me about hobbies and I was telling her about my crafty stuff and she wanted more and more and more. And I was giving her more and more confidence. Um, but she compared it to like what she does.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I talked about
Bethany Shadid: She said something about, oh, well everybody these days is baking and gardening. Are you doing that knows like
Bethany Shadid: Well, I'm well you know I'm single. I like baking. I said, I used to do cakes and stuff like that and told her a little bit about that background.
Bethany Shadid: I'm like, oh yeah, you could sell it, we got into this conversation about selling my crafts, or artwork or something and I kind of was like a kind of alluded to, like, I'm not really into that idea like
Bethany Shadid: Crafts are therapeutic and enjoyable to me once it goes to like money and having to do it for somebody else's not enjoyable. So I shared
Bethany Shadid: A situation with my mom when I was used to do wedding cakes and my mom would volunteer me to do them for everybody. And I had to say no, you know,
Bethany Shadid: Um, so it really she's very, very nice. But it does make me wonder like she definitely wasn't getting my like resistance to like some of the suggestions.
Gwenevere Abriel: wasn't picking up on the cues from you. Exactly.
Bethany Shadid: And then I was told at the beginning of the section there was going to be like an hour in ended up being like an hour and a half.
Bethany Shadid: And at the end, I was like trying to go and she was like, well, we have to, I have to go over and it was all stuff we talked about, but it was like she was actually charting or something. At that time, I don't know. But yeah, I think as far as feedback goes
Bethany Shadid: That's, that's how it went. And it really did.
Bethany Shadid: Bring up a lot of stuff for me and I had she asked me to one point about and how do I deal with anxiety and stuff like that. There were a few times I had to say. Or I said things like, well, one and I are working on.
Bethany Shadid: There we go, things
Bethany Shadid: So, Bethany breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do a check in. You have now given this 26 minutes. Do you want to keep giving it
More of your
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep. Let's just you decide, because this is
Bethany Shadid: Me being helpful trying to help. So other people to deal anyway. No, not necessarily want to spend tons of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be the taker right now take
Gwenevere Abriel: A turn in turn inward. I'm going to do my very best to pick up on cues.
Gwenevere Abriel: I care and i can i can imagine how triggering that was and forcing you to answer to a barrage of questions is just not not clinically indicated, it's it's traumatizing for you. So, yeah.
Bethany Shadid: And it was so I think that's why spending all this time on it was that since then. That's all I've been thinking about when I get distressed right I'm working my way down the number
Gwenevere Abriel: Now,
Bethany Shadid: Changing and I'm like okay I don't completely understand, but I'm going to talk to when you know
Bethany Shadid: Next morning,
Bethany Shadid: It was two days ago just two days ago.
Bethany Shadid: And it totally activated my
Bethany Shadid: Response to
Bethany Shadid: Just completely
Bethany Shadid: Check out
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, no.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, there's nothing to be sorry for, that's what we're here to do is talk about what's going on so
Bethany Shadid: So maybe this is something
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. Oh.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So these will happen in the future. So it could have been this, it could be something else. So it's grist for the mill. So we can take it and we can turn it in to something to discuss
Gwenevere Abriel: Now again, what I noticed Bethany, no matter how many times I say I'm here. I don't see you reaching out and this would have been a time for an email to me and
Gwenevere Abriel: I am confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm all these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm activated with all that having to answer questions and you would have just sent that little bit I I would know exactly that. It's your dad having to answer to explain yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you already have this inner critic that you, you think you're not getting enough done
Gwenevere Abriel: I already know those negative why. Yeah, I get it, and you couldn't felt seen known and understood even from an email if you just sent a little something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't write too much back because I've got this clinical approach. I take with writing, but I could have written something like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, Bethany. I'm so glad you reached out. I understand why that kind of assessment would be activating for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry. It happened and I want to talk more in session, it would probably be short, like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we would do this and then we would talk, but at least she would not feel helpless to a force coming at you.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. And as we're talking about it. I'm thinking of
Bethany Shadid: Things I DON'T KNOW WHY IS IT'S NOT YOU ALWAYS BEEN AVAILABLE. But I think like the schedule like it's like, that's it. And I have to wait, you know, patient Oriental time but I I do. Do you know like the jar either or, like my
Bethany Shadid: Like, let's put it aside until
Gwenevere Abriel: House no tiny house, you, you, you did the thing where you you got out you escaped out and you did some dissociation stuff.
Bethany Shadid: You know, ever since we kind of stumbled upon my
Bethany Shadid: Check out like
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Right. I've been leaning that way more so.
Bethany Shadid: Than my other
Bethany Shadid: More therapeutic ways of doing things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now what if it's just a particular recipe of what's going on, you're not at work, you don't have all these demands on your attention to focus. Stay alert. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's, let's not look at it quite like, oh, you know, this is this is we're going in the wrong direction. I'm my hypothesis is the timing might be right, you're not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: The timing might be right right now to sit with that. Look at me without distraction. Where do I go to leave distress. How do I get out of it. I go to the checkout.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and we get to see it in a in a context, we might never have had before so I find it a useful and informing piece.
Bethany Shadid: It is actually right because normally I have distraction and I do
Gwenevere Abriel: And also noticing. Now, I don't know, maybe you did reach out for other resources. Did you connect with church friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you also know that
Bethany Shadid: I haven't reached out to church, but I've been listening to my church.
Bethany Shadid: Services and stuff every day, which has been incredibly helpful.
Bethany Shadid: It gets my head in the right space, you know, I find I do a lot better.
Bethany Shadid: And so that's been good.
Bethany Shadid: But no, I didn't and not do anything else.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my question.
Bethany Shadid: We have a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do some
Gwenevere Abriel: Am Dr around just that piece of that piece of
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you are actually get that for you guys trying to sit. I was standing room so
Gwenevere Abriel: We could do the EMT are around this one. The, the target could be
Gwenevere Abriel: The checking out
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you know that the original memory. You know what that is. You and I both know what that is. And I don't even know the stories, but we both know that it's that that damage done. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's about about him and you and your sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: But the events that happened. Currently, the current ones like Jocelyn.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any connection to what happened with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you felt
Gwenevere Abriel: A day after you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: The rap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the feeling you had
Bethany Shadid: You know,
Bethany Shadid: I caught myself a few times going to those dark places of feeling like
Bethany Shadid: Whatever, how should I say, I don't think I really
Bethany Shadid: Caught
Bethany Shadid: Or could verbalize the thoughts, but I, I, when I was in the moment. I remember telling myself.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, this isn't that like suffering can be temporary. You know the pain doesn't isn't content doesn't have to be constant.
Bethany Shadid: I had some pseudo pains.
Bethany Shadid: Kidney stone like pains.
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: felt an overwhelming sense of isolation.
Bethany Shadid: Um,
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: When I thought about my lifestyle because I think that's the whole thing. We're talking about
Bethany Shadid: caught myself like having to reassure myself that
Bethany Shadid: I've gotten so much better.
Bethany Shadid: I guess. A good example would be like I was. There's a lot of people that jog around my house and I was looking at these three girls, probably about my age or younger.
Bethany Shadid: jogging and
Bethany Shadid: You know this sense of always not being
Bethany Shadid: Like them or how do you say like
Bethany Shadid: People or active people like
Bethany Shadid: Feeling
Bethany Shadid: Not Included or that's a lot or I can't be that even though I felt previously really proud of myself for walking every day and
Bethany Shadid: You know, stretching and doing all this stuff and and how good I
Feel
Bethany Shadid: You know, looking at that and and we're
Bethany Shadid: Kind of catching that negative
Bethany Shadid: Thought process of
Bethany Shadid: Well, you're just
Bethany Shadid: Trying you're never really going to be there.
Bethany Shadid: You know, kind of a
Bethany Shadid: Thing. So it was tough. It was like a, you know, this
Random
Bethany Shadid: But that's all I can tell you as far as
Bethany Shadid: What was coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just see what the core emotion is you gave me a really thorough explanation of it. There was an awareness of this
Gwenevere Abriel: My lifestyle a reassuring of yourself, you are getting better. But then this opposite of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I'm never going to be included in this fit tribe in this clan in this group. Click whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll never get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On a
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of isolation.
Gwenevere Abriel: The feeling is what, what's the one word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lonely
Bethany Shadid: Let me know. I'm more lonely because quarantine stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But so here's my question I was asking if
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we just did a little target mapping just now. So I wanted to see if you wanted to do some am Dr. And if you don't, we can do stew analysis regular old stuff that we do. That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm fine with it. We can do whatever you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: But while we have this timing while you're not pressured with these other demands the timing might be kind of good.
Bethany Shadid: That's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get our to our two oh you're on.
Gwenevere Abriel: A big enough device right that there's about a foot.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I
Bethany Shadid: Had okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Great, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Check your eyes, make sure we're seeing some good bilateral movement left and right. Let me just see if I do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go left and right because right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm having trouble seeing because I'm not Center. I won't be able to see your eyes moving left and right. Can I, yeah, I know it seems picky, but I need to be dead center to see if your eyes are moving left or right, good. So here, let's do it again. So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember you don't watch my finger, you're only looking to left right at the computer top the
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is correct. Oh, yeah. So let's do it again. But you're not looking at my finger just just I'm setting the pace. That's all. And I don't tend to set the pace. I don't tend to change it. And if I do, I tend to announce it
Gwenevere Abriel: So I will say, Oh, I'm going to go faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now. Are your eyes hurting from that movement.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're okay on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got, we've got this emotion of lonely and what is the belief about yourself with the feeling of only. What do you believe about yourself at that moment that negative thought
Bethany Shadid: No matter what I do.
Bethany Shadid: Right, that's what achievable.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the I Am.
Bethany Shadid: I'm
Bethany Shadid: Lazy
Bethany Shadid: Week.
Bethany Shadid: Damage
Bethany Shadid: Broken
Bethany Shadid: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and the emotion is we've got lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what the, the current activating event which is seeing these gals running out there can be any number of things, but that's that's which one of them and
Gwenevere Abriel: So what would be positive. Let's go to a positive cognition, what would be a positive one. What would be great if you saw those those little joggers out there going, and
Bethany Shadid: Like, I can't wait till I running like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's a great thought now the I Am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am capable. Okay, thank you. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: A bridge to the earliest memory of lonely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really kind of feeling like
Gwenevere Abriel: Lonely the same kind of lonely.
Bethany Shadid: My mom.
Bethany Shadid: Had a picture will
Bethany Shadid: Pre puberty picture.
Bethany Shadid: When I was skinny.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: She would talk to people.
Bethany Shadid: Even if she knew I was there about things about me. And I remember she was talking to my family, my close
Bethany Shadid: Extended family.
Bethany Shadid: Martha at the cottage. I was in a
Bethany Shadid: swimsuit.
Bethany Shadid: And she pulled out this picture and I was telling my aunts and uncles. Look at her.
Bethany Shadid: Wasn't she so beautiful.
Bethany Shadid: Look at that big gear.
Bethany Shadid: And realizing are looking at the picture and I'm right there.
Bethany Shadid: And I'm not ever going to be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's go with that. Let's do it. I got you want you to hold the worst is that if maybe it's even a sound of hearing her say that whatever that WORST piece of that memory is that negative cognition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lazy weak and damaged and here we go. These are going to be fastest as desensitisation. These are faster hold them in your working awareness, the worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, you don't have to look at me just left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together through the nose. Nice belly breath Breathing in
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's let it out the mouth, nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let your mind go blank.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Bethany Shadid: My mom used to talk to other people about me. I used to
Bethany Shadid: Before I hit puberty. She used to brag about.
Bethany Shadid: How it looked and stuff and then
Bethany Shadid: I think that lot like losing that
Gwenevere Abriel: What's a stress like that. Let me just check in on a number
Bethany Shadid: I met like a like a 75 Ed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we go with what you just said. And let's bring in the Holy Trinity huh yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a slow down, I realized I want to do an install speed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present
Gwenevere Abriel: With that cradling
Gwenevere Abriel: Light.
Gwenevere Abriel: That love
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, you only need to look at the left and right of the computer don't burden yourself with having to look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only the left and right just left and right at the top of your
Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, what's coming up for you now.
Bethany Shadid: Kind of a realization that
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: With my mother.
Bethany Shadid: That desire to
Bethany Shadid: Be what she wanted me to be was always there, but never attainable.
Bethany Shadid: Never
Bethany Shadid: Nothing was ever good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that nothing's ever good enough, bring in
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to that worst image and I'll never be good enough, the worst image of that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that picture and your mom showing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a little faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a nice and brief what's coming up for you.
Bethany Shadid: How much that ties into my current
Bethany Shadid: Standing within the family.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: How I
Bethany Shadid: isolate myself because of
Bethany Shadid: It or I can
Bethany Shadid: Am reminded like a bit around them, regardless of the that comes up or not.
Gwenevere Abriel: To go with the current but you just described and bringing the Holy Trinity.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only standing what you just described. This one's going to be a little slow. I'm gonna slow down a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta keep that breath going
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing into it. You're doing amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, big belly breath. Get that Aaron that balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then let's deflate that blown
Gwenevere Abriel: It go
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming up
Bethany Shadid: Oh, I
Bethany Shadid: Feel better thinking, holy trinity. Why is
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: And
Bethany Shadid: I thought of specific instances where my sister and brother were also
Bethany Shadid: Or put in, put in similar situations with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that. It happened to your siblings to Holy Trinity be with it. You can see the images that
Gwenevere Abriel: Were suffering alone or others going through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be very present
Gwenevere Abriel: With your holy trinity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And don't forget to breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing right now, what's going on.
Bethany Shadid: I started
Bethany Shadid: What came up was
Bethany Shadid: How I used to
Bethany Shadid: binge eat.
Bethany Shadid: Almost as a rebellious thing.
Bethany Shadid: In my teenage years.
Gwenevere Abriel: That hold that you've got something there. Hold that. And I
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm lazy week damage, but for that. I did that as rebellion.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one will be a little faster just the top of your iPad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Already got my pace. I'm not going to change it unless I announce it
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing, you're doing amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: We're frozen now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: A few more seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: In health
Gwenevere Abriel: And give that mind a beat of quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: No chatter just face.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you got going on in that noggin.
Bethany Shadid: I think for getting
Bethany Shadid: That I
Bethany Shadid: I did it.
Bethany Shadid: The binge maintenance stuff in an active rebellion, or like not
Bethany Shadid: being active like the rest of my family.
Bethany Shadid: I think it played into like I did it myself.
Bethany Shadid: Or it plays into that feeling, because that's what my, my family took from it, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that a positive experience. I did it to myself or is that a negative one.
Bethany Shadid: Negative. Negative like all my health problems and everything you've always been blamed on me. There's nothing minutes
Bethany Shadid: Is. Oh, I'm so sorry. You have a genetic condition that you can't control. It's well you you didn't take care of yourself, you too much stress you don't eat right you don't you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And can we try something else with that just time we have, what if you go to a different place. This is totally from your therapist, but I just want to see what happens with this right one play with remember I've talked with you about that quiet rebellion.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one. Yeah. Anger resides. Like, I won't like making this cake at two in the morning for you because you made a commitment you made a sucky cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't make me be happy about it. I'll do it make me sprite that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I used to Benji as a rebellion thing.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. I forgot. Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go go there for just a second. And now try this on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure that
Gwenevere Abriel: And then pull up
Gwenevere Abriel: I am capable, the positive cognition and bring in the Holy Trinity, just as a sense of just, it's all over. I am capable and I used to binge eat as a rebellion thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And keep breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Has a lot to do all at once. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're amazing. Now you're doing outstanding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Just great. Few more seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: All that you're working space in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into that truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Bethany Shadid: It's wow it's
Bethany Shadid: Realizing I didn't have many ways to rebel or
Bethany Shadid: voice my opinion. It was like a silent rebellion and
Bethany Shadid: How
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: I saw, I see.
Bethany Shadid: My mother's
Bethany Shadid: body image issues.
Bethany Shadid: And I
Bethany Shadid: Put a lot of it on myself. She
Bethany Shadid: She put a lot of it on me but
Bethany Shadid: being okay with myself is actually
Bethany Shadid: Its own form of rebellion.
Bethany Shadid: You know, loving myself.
Bethany Shadid: Despite
Bethany Shadid: What she thinks
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't it be something right, I'm gonna go eat knowing that this is not what she wants.
Bethany Shadid: I see that I see that possibility of being
Bethany Shadid: And I've been there.
Bethany Shadid: At different points in my life, accepting you know in my body and what I look
Like
Bethany Shadid: And it feels really good.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah. I forgot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me said it. I did not have many ways to voice my opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had no other ways you had no other ways.
Gwenevere Abriel: What other ways did you have
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't heard from you yet.
Bethany Shadid: It was
Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, or I've got a I've got to have a way to pay attention to me. I've gotta have a way to feel myself in this world.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it makes a lot of sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: We do. We've got to be off to and you found that there's you. Well, I know this. I know defiance. I know you you like me, you want to brag about me. Watch this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm excited for you.
Yeah.
It's pretty cool.
Bethany Shadid: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where is this idea of
Gwenevere Abriel: I am capable. So typically, I'll ask a number. Let me just see how true it is today, right now.
Bethany Shadid: This one.
Gwenevere Abriel: On one to seven seven is. Yeah, that's true. So how true is it the statement. I'm capable
Bethany Shadid: I think it depends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know right now this one.
Woman
Bethany Shadid: About half.
Bethany Shadid: Right. Great. And if
Gwenevere Abriel: You want 3.5
Bethany Shadid: I don't know what the scale of one to 10 or
Gwenevere Abriel: So sorry. I thought I said one to seven sevens tip top
Bethany Shadid: Oh, point, five
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go through
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is it this moment say oh god I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Lazy week damaged broken
Gwenevere Abriel: One to 10. Sorry. That's the difference. Yeah, one to 1010 is absolutely true.
Ooh.
Bethany Shadid: That's
Bethany Shadid: Because if I'm being honest, I believe that
Bethany Shadid: More than I
Bethany Shadid: Want to admit
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, only useful if you tell me what was that first number that passed by your mind.
Bethany Shadid: Work. So that's okay, right, that's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Place for us to keep working as an IT
Gwenevere Abriel: We just a tiny bit Bethany. We did a little itty bit this this this little nugget because we did a lot of talking about the experience of Jocelyn, and it gave us a target but this
Gwenevere Abriel: This deserves another least half hour 45 minutes okay so yeah i think i think i think there's plenty, plenty of good stuff that can happen to get those numbers to move and change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and I'm not kidding. I think it can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, just a little bit about what you noticed about yourself today. Let's do take take a couple minutes and process today. Okay.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: I think I'm
Feeling
Bethany Shadid: A bit more on track.
Bethany Shadid: Are you okay, sorry, the screens freezing it
Bethany Shadid: Should I
Bethany Shadid: Know I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, it might be, it might be me because I saw your internet is
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be a little laptop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and this
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Be patient with it. So I can try. I can see my better with this whoop dee doop, doop back on time my better
Bethany Shadid: Well, I can hear you.
Bethany Shadid: I couldn't hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, since I just want to list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here.
Bethany Shadid: So,
Bethany Shadid: Hopefully you can hear.
Bethany Shadid: Me, but
Bethany Shadid: I
Bethany Shadid: I realized
Bethany Shadid: I in the negativity.
Bethany Shadid: Or my outlook.
Bethany Shadid: I forget those positive
Bethany Shadid: Or over
Bethany Shadid: Unique
Bethany Shadid: Things about myself.
And
Bethany Shadid: I never would have looked back.
Bethany Shadid: At my rebellion of
Bethany Shadid: Eating hating food in my room and
Bethany Shadid: Things like that, as a positive but
Bethany Shadid: I have a different
Bethany Shadid: View of it now and
Bethany Shadid: I'm proud of myself for that.
Bethany Shadid: Hello.
Bethany Shadid: Anyway,
Bethany Shadid: It's
Bethany Shadid: I don't know if we're on anymore.
Bethany Shadid: Okay.
Bethany Shadid: I can
Bethany Shadid: See your picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of all the times for it to go out. You said, I'm proud of myself for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard that.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, good. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I sure did.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: That just, I mean, is that true you really see it, you see.
Bethany Shadid: That I never would have thought of it that way before. But now, understanding their rebellion.
Bethany Shadid: You know that activating anger.
Bethany Shadid: It's
Bethany Shadid: I don't look at it. I don't, I'm not seeing
Bethany Shadid: It as a negative
Bethany Shadid: I'm seeing it as a
Bethany Shadid: You know, a form of, you know, me saying I'm not okay with this.
Bethany Shadid: Right and and and protesting in a way
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test. This is not the truth, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You full of it.
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, and how I use. I remember thinking that that time.
Bethany Shadid: How sad.
Bethany Shadid: It was to be her to be so worried about all that stuff.
Bethany Shadid: And fitting in, and looking a certain way.
Bethany Shadid: And I forgot. I've yeah I'm
Bethany Shadid: Happy
Gwenevere Abriel: To what a neat place to get to today, how
Unexpected
Bethany Shadid: How just and just being me can be my
Own
Bethany Shadid: Rebellion and everyday rebel.
Gwenevere Abriel: See how you didn't have psychology, you didn't have an ally in this. But intuitively you knew you were going to have to cope
Gwenevere Abriel: With this mixed message environment you live in, you're going to deal and you did the best you could you found a way to say I will not accept this miss truth. I will not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you found a way to to survive it, Bethany.
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Wow.
Bethany Shadid: That's pretty cool.
Bethany Shadid: Glad we got that little nugget.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me go grab my appointment book and let's set something up.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What city. Do you live in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Albuquerque.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need me. Okay, I'm almost done. So I wanted to ask you something busy. You can say no. The trust me know is just as good yes on this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have met with a few clients when I'm out here. I meet with I have met with them in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I don't have an office, though, so it would have to be in person. It would have to be at your place or library somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you
Gwenevere Abriel: DON'T YOU DON'T ANSWER. Now this way, there's no pressure. Just give it some thought and I won't bring it up again until you decide to so my messages if you don't bring it up. I GOT MY MESSAGE.
Bethany Shadid: Okay, so that's
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. So now I want to just tell you a little bit something interesting that could happen. I have with I brought my, my little thurs my left right buzzers, and my bilateral ear thing. So we can do that in person.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's more, it's more intense Bethany, because this face to face contact. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Really nice buffer for
Gwenevere Abriel: People were direct someone can be a lot all at once and it would be basically, it would feel like you were meeting me for the first time. And you've also known me for a long time. It's a bizarre thing and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just prepare you it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Bethany Shadid: Yeah, I can. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: It's both. Let it sink. Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Whoa, are you here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. I don't know. Um, but let's just, yeah. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just give us a think. But for now, let's schedule something something for for zoom
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, let's see.
Bethany Shadid: Oh, it'll be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know that's insane.
I know
Gwenevere Abriel: It's true. Okay, right now I have
Gwenevere Abriel: A will you going to go to group on on Monday.
Bethany Shadid: Well I yeah I'm going to be running out. So I wanted to ask you about that I
Bethany Shadid: Could go Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: If that would be better because I'd like to offer for you 10am on June 1 No wait, let me rephrase sorry I have to shift gears and in New Mexico right now I'm in New Mexico. I'm in New Mexico. I'm in New Mexico. Oh, good grief. I'm completely confused.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not real.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not real, okay in real time. So real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real time real time. That really is. I have got a secret that the right hand number. So this really is 70 this
Gwenevere Abriel: Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is my left number so normally this is
Gwenevere Abriel: Just place.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is completely freaking me out. Okay, so I have, if we were to meet. We could meet in
Gwenevere Abriel: At
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 10:10am Mountain Standard yeah here Santa Fe. This our time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here, Monday, yeah. June 1 you would have a nice time to follow up with this if you want. If it's not feasible sort of on the financial front, just let me know. There's no problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just trying to offer services and then you want you could show up on June 2 and talk with the doc about medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could also you could go at 7am I also have a 12pm group on June 2 I have a new. It's a new group on Tuesday Tuesdays at 12
Bethany Shadid: Oh, okay, good. Could I go to that one on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I got down here and then do you think you could you could get up for that or you want to pass on Monday.
Bethany Shadid: Oh yeah, oh yeah, I get up early.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so
Bethany Shadid: Tonight right around the corner. So
We could
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I could even be able to quickly quickly follow up with what we just started
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm excited. Okay, sweet. All right, my dear. Be good to you. Do you need me to message anything to the doc or I'll just let her know we met.
Bethany Shadid: Right now, I'm good, I'm good. So thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have my email.
Bethany Shadid: I don't actually thank you for saying that.
Bethany Shadid: If you want to send it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, that's my whole point, I can't text. It's the problem. Yeah, I don't have good I have like no texting capability out here.
Bethany Shadid: That's okay. I have my book.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's basically Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, and then a era el says my first name initial in the middle. Awesome. So, Gabriel at all one word bright heart health. COM
Bethany Shadid: I think I missed something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, Gabriel
G.
Gwenevere Abriel: At bright part health, Doc.
Bethany Shadid: Is just it's
Bethany Shadid: Just Gabriel with the beginning
Yeah.
Bethany Shadid: Right heart health.
Bethany Shadid: And then I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No spaces awkward with the bright heart health.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool apps.
Gwenevere Abriel: Case jam it out there.
Gwenevere Abriel: You go if you find yourself in distress, at least do a little reach out so you don't have this sense of suffering alone. Okay.
Bethany Shadid: Sounds good. Thank you.
Bethany Shadid: I appreciate it.
Bethany Shadid: Bye.